This paper presents the first parser to UCCA, a recently proposed meaning
representation. The parser is transition based, and uses a new transition set
designed to recover challenging discontinuous structures with reentrancies.
Experiments demonstrate that the parser works well, and that it is not easy to
build these representation on top of existing parsing approaches. 
This is a well written and interesting paper on an important problem. The
transition system is well motivated and seems to work well for the problem. The
authors also did a very thorough experimental evaluation, including both
varying the classifier for the base parser (neural, linear model, etc.) and
also comparing to the best output you could get from other existing, but less
expressive, parsing formulations. This paper sets a strong standard to UCCA
parsing, and should also be interesting to researchers working with other
expressive meaning representations or complex transition systems. 
My only open question is the extent to which this new parser subsumes all of
the other transition based parsers for AMR, SDP, etc. Could the UCCA transition
scheme be used in these cases (which heuristic alignments if necessary), and
would it just learn to not use the extra transitions for non-terminals, etc.
Would it reduce to an existing algorithm, or perhaps work better? Answering
this question isn't crucial, the paper is very strong as is, but it would add
to the overall understanding and could point to interesting areas for future
work.
----
I read the author response and agree with everything they say.