- Strengths:
     - The related work is quite thorough and the comparison with the approach
presented in this paper makes the hypothesis of the paper stronger. The
evaluation section is also extensive and thus, the experiments are convincing.
- Weaknesses:
     - In Section 3 it is not clear what is exactly the dataset that you used
for training the SVM and your own model. Furthermore, you only give the
starting date for collecting the testing data, but there is no other
information related to the size of the dataset or the time frame when the data
was collected. This might also give some insight for the results and statistics
given in Section 3.2.
     - In Table 3 we can see that the number of reviewers is only slightly
lower than the number of reviews posted (at least for hotels), which means that
only a few reviewers posted more than one review, in the labeled dataset. How
does this compare with the full dataset in Table 2? What is the exact number of
reviewers in Table 2 (to know what is the percentage of labeled reviewers)? It
is also interesting to know how many reviews are made by one person on average.
If there are only a few reviewers that post more than one review (i.e., not
that much info to learn from), the results would benefit from a thorough
discussion. 
- General Discussion:
     This paper focuses on identifying spam reviews under the assumption that
we deal with a cold-start problem, i.e., we do not have enough information to
draw a conclusion. The paper proposes a neural network model that learns how to
represent new reviews by jointly using embedded textual information and
behaviour information. Overall, the paper is very well written and the results
are compelling.
- Typos and/or grammar:                                 
     - The new reviewer only provide us                                        
     - Jindal and Liu (2008) make the first step -> the work is quite old, you
could use past tense to refer to it
     - Usage of short form "can't", "couldn't", "what's"
instead of the prefered long form
     - The following sentence is not clear and should be rephrased: "The new
reviewer just posted one review and we have to filter it out immediately, there
is not any historical reviews provided to us."