The paper presents a repurposing of rectified factor networks proposed
earlier by the same authors to biclustering. The method seems
potentially quite interesting but the paper has serious problems in
the presentation.
Quality:
The method relies mainly on techniques presented in a NIPS 2015 paper
by (mostly) the same authors. The experimental procedure should be
clarified further. The results (especially Table 2) seem to depend
critically upon the sparsity of the reported clusters, but the authors
do not explain in sufficient detail how the sparsity hyperparameter is
determined.
Clarity:
The style of writing is terrible and completely unacceptable as a
scientific publication. The text looks more like an industry white
paper or advertisement, not an objective scientific paper. A complete
rewrite would be needed before the paper can be considered for
publication. Specifically, all references to companies using your
methods must be deleted.
Additionally, Table 1 is essentially unreadable. I would recommend
using a figure or cleaning up the table by removing all engineering
notation and reporting numbers per 1000 so that e.g. "0.475 +/- 9e-4"
would become "475 +/- 0.9". In general figures would be preferred as a
primary means for presenting the results in text while tables can be
included as supplementary information.
Originality:
The novelty of the work appears limited: the method is mostly based on
a NIPS 2015 paper by the same authors. The experimental evaluation
appears at least partially novel, but for example the IBD detection is
very similar to Hochreiter (2013) but without any comparison.
Significance:
The authors' strongest claim is based on strong empirical performance
in their own benchmark problems. It is however unclear how useful this
would be to others as there is no code available and the details of
the implementation are less than complete. Furthermore, the method
depends on many specific tuning parameters whose tuning method is not
fully defined, leaving it unclear how to guarantee the generalisation
of the good performance.